feat: add multilingual navbar (#13)
RatanShreshtha/DeepThought: README.md

## Deployment
[Zola](https://www.getzola.org) already has great documentation for deploying to [Netlify](https://www.getzola.org/documentation/deployment/netlify/) or [Github Pages](https://www.getzola.org/documentation/deployment/github-pages/). I won't bore you with a regurgitated explanation.

## Multilingual Navbar

> **NOTE** : `navbar_items` store in the `config.toml` file will be use as the default navbar. If you don't have any other language or if you forgot to create a navbar for a specific language your users will always see this navbar.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**NOTE** : `navbar_items` stored in the `config.toml` file will be used as the default navbar. If you don't have any other language or if you forgot to create a navbar for a specific language your users will always see this navbar.
```
